Yes six modules and de structuring are two new features introduced in JavaScript and this lecture will
be learning both of these.
It's important to know that these two features are completely independent of each other.
You can use either feature without the other without being said it's actually common practice to use
these two features together.
We will be exploring how that's done to start things off.
I want you to create a file named functions dot J.S. in previous lectures with load modules using the
required function for node.
This was perfectly fine.
However we want to use this code on the browser using the required function is the common J.S. method
of loading modules.
This is perfectly acceptable for node modules but I want these files to load on the front where common
GSM modules are not supported natively iOS 6 modules are the official way to load modules in JavaScript
creating and using modules is fairly easy.
We'll just have to do things differently.
Let's start with the functions file.
This file will be a module for the indexed file.
I'm going to create a constant named Hello that will be set to an arrow function.
The arrow function will just console dot log.
Simple message to export a module and the style of iOS 6.
We will have to use the export default keywords right after this.
We have to specify what we want to export.
I want to export the hello constant with iOS 6 modules you can export multiple values to export a value.
You just need to use the export keyword.
You can actually just use the export keyword by itself.
But if we were to remove the default keyword then we would get an error.
I want to explain why but it's kind of hard to explain without learning about what D structuring is
first.
For now let's pretend you can only export one value and to export that value.
You need both the export and default keywords and this example we're going to pretend that we can only
export this Hello Function.
This is all you need to do in order to export a module.
Let's learn how to import this module.
Go back to the index file.
I'm going to input the following import functions from dot slash.
Function dot J S let me break down what's going on here to import a module.
You need to use the import keyword this keyword actually does two things it will import a module and
give you the opportunity to assign the module a variable name.
I'll expand more on this in just a moment.
The next thing that you need to do is specify where that module can be found.
Use the keyword from to let javascript know you want to specify the path to the module to specify a
path relative to this module.
You have to use the dot forward slash followed by the name of the module.
In this case it would be the functions file this one line of code will import the module.
Then you can just use it normally
if we did everything correctly.
Then we should be able to run the NPM run start command without any errors let's test this by opening
the index dot h file and checking the console.
You should see the message being output it.
This is a very basic example on how to export and import modules.
When it comes to exporting modules you will most likely be writing this kind of syntax.
90 percent of the time however for importing modules the syntax will vary.
I want to go more in-depth into that but we first need to learn what D structuring is d structuring
is a very simple concept to understand and use d structuring allows you to extract properties from objects
and arrays into their own standalone variables.
Let's look at an example.
I'm going to insert this code right below here.
I'm going to create a variable named Obi J and this will be an object with two properties called Prop
1 and Prop 2.
I'm going to set Prop 1 to 5 and Prop 2 to 10.
Now I'm going to log Prop 2 to access a prop..
You have to specify the object and then follow it up with the property name.
However doing it like this can get rather annoying in a regular application.
You may end up having dozens of objects and it would be annoying to have to constantly type each object
and its property.
This also makes your code less readable and gives it a nested feeling before we had the structuring
you would usually do something like this.
You would create a variable and assign its value to the property that's fine and all but it can become
increasingly annoying each time you had to do this.
This is where d structuring comes into play to D structure a variable.
You need to do the following.
You can use any of the variable keywords and then follow it up with a pair of curly brackets.
By adding these curly brackets you're telling javascript you want to grab properties and put them into
their own variable.
You simply pass in the name of the properties which are Prop 1 and Prop 2.
You have the option of D structuring all the properties or just a select few.
The next thing you need to specify is which object where these properties can be found which is Obi
J.
This line of code just the same thing as the line above it does.
I'm going to comment out the traditional way of doing this.
Then I'm going to update my long function to use the Prop 2 variable rather than accessing the LBJ variable
run the NPM run start command.
You shouldn't receive any errors.
Check out the index template to see if a number 10 is being output.
By itself this really is an impressive.
This is a super simple feature.
It was introduced because it makes you write less code and I would say it's more or less readable than
the previous method.
I'm going to comment this out while restructuring can be used by itself.
You will usually see it used with importing modules.
I'm going to go back to my functions file and I'm going to export a variable named num with a value
of 5
we will no longer pretend that we can only export one thing to export multiple pieces of data.
You can just use the export keyword followed by the name and the value.
I'm going to stop right there.
Javascript requires that you export a name and value.
If we were to just export the number five by itself then we would get an error.
You are expected to export a name and value pair.
You cannot just export a value and you can not just export a name.
If I were to restore this and remove the number 5 this time then I would get an error from web pack.
This is super important to understand.
I have to pass in a name and a value.
This is why you would get an error if you were to just export the hello function without the default
keyword.
You are only giving value but you're not giving it a name.
Javascript doesn't care that you define the variable above.
You have to give it a name and value on the same line.
So what does the default keyword do that the default keyword allows you to give a default.
Export and value you are allowed to export multiple values since you can export multiple values then
you also have the option of importing all those values or some of those values or just one of those
values inside the import statement.
You can specify what value you'd like to import.
In this example we're actually not specifying any particular data even though we have a hello function
inside the functions file.
This line will not grab the Hello Function.
Instead it'll grab the default value.
With that being said I don't have to name this how low inside my import statement.
This is just a reference since it's a reference I can change this to whatever name I want I could change
this to foo and then I can update my code to reflect that change.
And this would still work.
This line is saying hey I want to import some code from the function's files.
I'm not specifying any particular data so give me whatever the default export value is I want you to
assign the value.
Return it to a variable named foo to prove this further.
I'm going to run the NPM run start commands.
I didn't receive any errors then I'm going to view the page again.
You should see the message still being output it like before.
Even though you can name the important value whatever you want.
It's common practice to name an after the value that's being exported so it can be easier to understand.
I'm going to change my values back to Hello.
The question is how do we import specific values from a module.
This is where d structuring comes into play.
I'm going to change my hello to a pair of curly brackets.
What will happen is that JavaScript will return an object each property in that object will be each
value you export it.
You can use these structuring to grab a certain value.
I want to grab my num value.
What this will do is extract that known value and make it into its own variable we can then log this
variable like so I'm going to run the NPM run start command.
There should be no errors thus far.
The number 5 should be output it onto the page let's say I wanted to give my imported value a custom
name that's relatively easy.
All you have to do is use the as keyword.
And then follow it up with a custom name.
Then you can use this custom name throughout your code like so I'm not a fan of custom names so I'm
going to remove this.
Let's say I wanted to import both the default value and another value.
There are two ways you can go about this.
The first way is by using the asterisk character and then assigning this to a custom name using the
as keyword.
I'm going to set this to functions what this will do is grab all the exported values and assign them
as properties to the functions variable.
You can then access the values by their names like so if you want to grab the default value then that
is stored under the default property.
Of course this does mean you will end up writing more code which isn't what we want.
The second method of getting the value is to just comma separated right before the DY structuring.
I'm going to just add Hello.
Keep in mind that by not using these structuring you won't have the ability to specify what value you
want to use.
So javascript will just assign this to the default value.
Now you can use both the Hello Function and num variable by themselves without having to access it from
an object.
There are a couple more things I want to cover you do not have to export a default value.
You can just export the hello function without assigning it to the default.
I'm going to get rid of the default keyword.
I cannot simply leave it like this.
I have to set a name and a value so I have to move this function into the export statement for this
to work
I'll now have to update my import statement.
I have to use restructuring since there is no default value.
Let's see what happens if I were to not use these structuring and try to call the Hello Function.
I'm going to run my NPM run start command web pack will throw an error or stating that there is no default
value in order for this to work.
We have to use these structuring.
I'm going to add my curly brackets back in and run the command again
then I'm going to view my page as expected this will output the message.
There are a couple more things we can go over but this is just the basics.
I know it can seem overwhelming because you can use this in a number of combinations.
I promise you we will get a lot of practice using this as it's extremely common to use iOS 6 modules.
Andy structuring for the most part you won't have to worry about using a lot of the trickier parts of
modules or restructuring we're going to keep it really simple and just export some default values.
The examples I show you are super simple but I assure you that these features are extremely helpful
in more advanced apps.
For now let's move onto the next lecture and learn about react.